Six carefully chosen guests arrive at Boden “Boddy” Black’s family home, Tudor Mansion, after receiving a mysterious invitation. Over dinner, Black announces his plans to build an extravagantly over-the-top, luxury hotel right over a beloved public park. Everyone objects, but then Black reveals that he has the perfect blackmail to force each one of them into helping him. If they don’t, their secrets will be revealed. Shortly after, Black excuses himself and the guests disperse to digest the news. A scream rings out and the guests discover Black, murdered.

Now you must solve the classic mystery.

MISS SCARLETT
A socialite, at first glance. A sharply intelligent investigative journalist, in reality. Writing under the nom de plume 'Cyan', she's landed mobsters in jail and taken down hometown heroes. No one is safe from her pen because no one knows who she is. Except for Boddy Black, who just happens to need a glowing review of his new hotel.

COLONEL MUSTARD
A decorated war hero, full of stories of past battles and narrow escapes. He's a man of action, with the experience to back it up. His credibility as a respected military member means he could easily sway public opinion in Black's favor-especially if it means no one ever finds out he wasn't actually in the battle for which he was awarded his most prestigious medal.

MAYOR GREEN
The loveable Mayor of Hue County who always has a kind word to spare. He's up for re-election and not worried in the slightest-even his opponents struggle to dislike him. His squeaky-clean record has only one tarnish: a campaign-saving donation from a major crime family. Black has assured him that nobody needs to find out... as long as he helps re-zone the park where Black plans to build his hotel.

SOLICITOR PEACOCK
A tenacious attorney who knows exactly how to command a room, court or otherwise. Her success has provided her significant status and she's not shy about flaunting it. Black knows nothing is off-limits when it comes to getting her verdict, even tampering with witnesses, a fact he is happy to reveal if she refuses to represent him in his hotel dealings.

PROFESSOR PLUM
A professor of antiquities with an uncannily perceptive eye. His incredible attention to detail aids him in identifying counterfeits, and occasionally creating them. Only Black knows about his most convincing forgery: Plum's PhD, which hangs proudly above his desk. With the right incentive, the professor could likely fabricate anything, even a land deed proving Black has claim to the park he plans to build his hotel on.

CHEF WHITE
An up-and-coming chef full of youthful ambition and fresh ideas. She's been running Black's kitchen for years but finds his uninspired menu creatively stifling and dreams of opening a restaurant of her own. Her plan relies on talent, persistence... and the money she's been skimming from Boddy Black, which he's known about all along. She has two choices: thanklessly run Black's drab hotel restaurant, or face charges.

BODEN "BODDY" BLACK

Boden "Boddy" Black Jr. isn't rich. He is filthy rich. He made it the old-fashioned way, by inheritance. Jumping from one passion project to another, mostly due to utter boredom, his newest venture is the obnoxiously opulent Boden Black Hotel. Fitting.
Despite public opposition, the hotel seems to have been fast tracked by government officials and he's partnering with some of Hue County's elite. Hopefully this project won’t bore him to death.
